

Clarifying Questions

Domain Structure: I see references to sbil-api.bos.njtransit.com in your scripts. Will you have multiple domains to track, or is this primarily for one domain with multiple servers?
in htdocs folder lets have reports/DOMAIN folders 
This way we will oraganize output reprots into respective folder structure 
each domain will be configured in server.conf file as we have today 


Log Format: Your sample shows a custom Apache log format with two IPs (load balancer + real client IP). Should we parse this specific format, or will AWStats handle the parsing?
As we worked before log format is 4 - it is define in server.conf in knowledge, as we already worked on this topic this format is working for this specific logs 

PHP Framework: Do you prefer plain PHP or would you like to use a lightweight framework? For simplicity, I assume plain PHP with minimal dependencies.
use lightweight format to display the reprots structure and later report data, this is for internal use it should have some wow affect when we will present reports

Database Schema: Should we keep the existing SQLite schema from your current scripts, or redesign it for better PHP integration?
what is your preferences? if redesing will help and make it faster then yes. 
I have option to use mysql as well, but for this I think using local sqlite should be enought 

Report Frequency: How often will reports be generated? Real-time, hourly, daily, or on-demand only?
first time I will process like 3 months of the data, I already processed this base on our current scripts and I have awstats files - in proudciton. when I deploy this I want to reprocess awstats reports, create db and process data for our new reports. then script will be running daily on new incoming files 


Historical Data: Do you need to migrate existing AWStats data, or start fresh?
we starting fresh - in proudction it I will reprocess existing awstats database - I don't want to reprocess logs again as it is taking over 6h to get those logs processed. 


Questions for You

Should we proceed with this architecture?
architecture looks correct it is good to go 

Do you prefer to start with Phase 1 (foundation) or would you like to see a complete working prototype first?
lets do step by step this way it will be easier to work in this project ( before we did all at once, yes most of it was in working condition but I spend  a lot of time in additional troubleshoot and changes )

Any specific PHP features or limitations I should consider?
using latest php, no limitation, server is running nging with php, when we get upto this point we will need to make a config file for php - at that time I will provide sample of config which I am using in my dev envirement 

Should the web interface be responsive/mobile-friendly?
I think this may benefit tomorrow, right now I really need just on PC, but mayby tomorrow I can use this for mobile  too that make it responsive 

Do you need any specific chart/visualization libraries
mayby some graphs when we do comparation of the servers, 
daily graphs of the selected request or multiple requests. 
once we have some base data in db we need to think about reports and selection for user to display that data set


